hello and welcome to another stupid
confidential and this week is all about
costumes this is where I get changed
I share the room with Vincent and Brian
if you pop upstairs you'll see Elio now
with one of the wonderful sparkly
outfits on it's a quick go go check her
out
come on in all the beautiful ladies and
make our gorgeous gowns but I will never
like what I think it's a piece of a gown
this is the belt around my waist to make
me look all skinny I'm tiny
the dancers never stopped going in my
ear about the costume designs yes
although all the dancers know exactly
what they want and by now most of the
celebrities know what they want them I
have a huge Bank of designers and a huge
team so I'm like a head person but I
have lots of different designers that
helped me create you ever get
temperatures to try them on yourself
girl what is girls yeah yeah nobody
actually try them on sometimes does
reading them
just make sure that their check probably
this is what they get up to behind the
scene
New Yorker New York all dresses can be
sold to anyone from the public can buy
these dresses not via the BBC but by
where they come from but I think some of
them might go on to the Strictly Come
Dancing turn or you might see them in
all sorts of other places you guys that
you don't know how far these people work
night after night
throw in the sequins on
that's typical students the early owners
have chapter just at me this is it we
hope you enjoyed it and join us next
week for another stupid confidential
you